so you have a ice bath ready so we're
going to put these in water we're going
to blanch them for just one minute and
then we'll put them immediately in the
ice water to stop the cooking so they
still a little bit crunchy look at the
color right here look how this is much
greener the way you do it that way the
hard part is actually making all the
little inggris themselves but it's just
easy you just you just cook a lot of
things in just a little bit of oil
garlic salt boom get it done separately
separately separately no that's it oh my
goodness I'm horrible at eggs
maybe with your kids with your families
or with your friends having a party you
just make all those parts by yourself
have them all separate and everyone can
make their own little rice bowls by
themselves so if they don't like spinach
they can they don't have to eat spinach
throw that in some gochujang some of
that pepper paste some sesame oil stir
it up you're in business brother
which one do you want all right
okay I'm about is there's no fish style
there's no there's no rule saying you
have to do it a certain way you can be
as creative as you want I'm living my
mouth massey story OH